add dataclass arguments (#2437)
koxudaxi/datamodel-code-generator: docs/index.md

                        A file with kwargs for custom formatters.
  --custom-template-dir CUSTOM_TEMPLATE_DIR
                        Custom template directory

>   --encoding ENCODING   The encoding of input and output (default: utf-8)

Reviewer: Why has this line has changed? I can't find any edit related to default file encoding

Reviewer 2: Yeah the CI is breaking because of this, my guess is that the readme generator behaves differently on Windows and UNIX, and the PR creator ran it on Windows causing this change.

Reviewer: OT: I wonder if we should set a default encoding instead of relying on the system default

>   --encoding ENCODING   The encoding of input and output (default: cp1252)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  --encoding ENCODING   The encoding of input and output (default: utf-8)
```
